The Joe Rogan experience. People are going to have to look at this, like, okay,
now we know something can happen that we never thought could happen before in
the whole world shuts down. Now we know that's it, but we should,
we should act accordingly in like how we run things.
Now we know.
Well, that's a silver lining. I mean, like that's a silver line. It's like,
when you have a thing happen that you realize like, you know, whatever,
like w in your car,
you get lucky and you notice that the tire is like super flat and you feel you
fill it up. You just didn't notice or whatever, you see a thing.
And it saves you from a later thing that could have been a million times worse.
But, you know, man,
the wake up call to me is like,
it's no joke that you need to at least be on like some terms with your
neighbors. And it's no joke that you need to understand how to do,
like how to grow food out of the ground.
And it seemed like basic first aid and stuff like that.
And also to always have gas in your car, man, like, you know, we,
the other day went to get groceries and like the, you know,
left a credit card at the house. Right. And like the,
the car was kind of low on fuel. Cause I hadn't gassed it up like I should have.
Right.
And the combination of suddenly not being able to put gas in the car and these
two dumb mistakes, it wasn't just a normal day where your car runs out of gas.
Now it's your cars run out of gas during a pandemic.
Meaning you got to call somebody to come and get put gas in your car or walk
somewhere to get gas. That's a whole different walk than before.
And that's asking someone to come and help you is kind of like asking them, Hey,
would you mind like taking a chance? I mean,
I know you're wearing a mask and everything, but you know what I mean?
So suddenly ups in this kind of environment,
they mean a lot more than ups in like the previous world that we are in.
And that's teaching me a real kind of responsibility, you know,
like having some cash on hand, like stuff like that. Like what we, you know,
we should always be doing that. And to me that is one of the, you know,
and I hate using errors using the term silver lining right now. And it's like,
anytime you say, I just like, yeah,
it's a silver lining on like people who drown in their own mucus. It's not the,
you know, it's up.
But I guess one of the silver linings in it is just that the,
the fact that it's like, look, man, Trump just was talking about,
maybe we should inject ourselves with a Lysol.
Okay. Crazy. That video. Have you seen the one when they focused on the lady,
who's a science advisor and she's sitting there listening to him, say all this.
Yeah.
Yeah. I have. I've.
Seen Paris tweeted it, it it's uh, he said, uh,
when you look into the abyss, the abyss looks into you.
That's it. You know? But also in that look, you know, I saw,
I saw her thinking like, listen, who's in line. You want to have,
do you want this job?
I'm doing what I can to steer this crazy ship as best as I can.
And there's not much I could do, but it's like, you know,
you see somebody seriously say to an entire planet that it might be a good
idea to inject Lysol into your products here.
Let me hear it. You can start from the beginning.
I think you got to actually double click on it. And on my computer,
I had to to get the sound out of it. Nothing.
The you hear that whisper. No, I don't hear. That was Duncan.
That was me. It's haunted. Anyway,
bottom line is, he's saying wacky. And the focus is on this lady.
And as she's watching him, she's like,
I can't even believe I have to handle.
Yeah. And she does do that too. But to me.
We have to get the disinfectant into the body. That's maybe possible.
We could get up to drink license, white.
Powerful.
Like it, uh, use light to kill it from outside or inside.
I don't know how you're doing.
There you go. Cause you see a thing like that. And it's like, okay,
lean into that. Like,
that's going to like lean into that as the thing that you can count on.
That's the thing saying inject lighter.
That's the kind of thing where like in your craziest friend,
if they said that to you, you would you be considering like calling their,
their friends or their mom to be like, Hey Jack,
he's having like a hardcore manic episode.
He's talking about injecting Lysol into himself. You better do something.
That's the president. And to me, what that tells me is like,
you need gas in your car. You need to make sure your phone is juiced up.
You know what I mean? You need to make sure that you are like,
you gotta be ready. Because if, if,
if we like think we're gonna lean into some like imaginary hammock
made of like people who are saying that we should inject ourselves with Lysol,
then we're made, then that's our fault. That's your cause. You know, it's like,
let's imagine, let's say you went and you, I don't know,
you went into the forest and you got attacked by a tiger.
But right before you went in the tiger, you enter the forest.
You said to somebody, Hey,
do you think I should go in that forest are tigers there? And they're like, no.
And then they start shooting up with Lysol. You know what I mean?
If you go in that forest and the tag tiger gets you, that's your fault.
You listened to a dude who thought you could shoot up Lysol.
You know what I mean? That's your.
[Inaudible] what was he thinking while he was saying that he's probably like,
there's gotta be an intelligent way to get out of this subject that I've already
started. And I've already like coming up with, uh, perhaps, uh, for instance,
uh, maybe you could, uh, maybe you could.
So supposing we hit the body with a tremendous, uh,
whether it's ultraviolet or just very powerful light.
And I think that hasn't been checked, but you're going to test it. And I said,
supposing, working on inside the body, you can,
which you can do either through the skin or uh, in some other way.
And I think you said you're going to test that too. Sounds interesting. Right.
And then I see the disinfectant where it knocks it out in a minute,
one minute. And is there a way we can do something like that, uh,
by injection inside or,
or almost a cleaning? Cause you see a
tremendous number of along. So it'd be interesting to check that.
Yeah, the lungs, can we take your lungs out and spray them?
I sat down, put your lungs through a carwash. Like what? Yeah.
What a crazy thing to say.
I mean, cleaning, cleaning, give them a cleaning.
Yeah. I mean,
I just liked being his doctor and you have to listen to him say this, like, uh,
so why don't you, uh, do like the disinfectant, you know,
inside it's like a cleaning, can you, did.
I live here and bleach,
can you take my liver up microwave it, I, yeah. You know,
so to me you see that and it's like, okay,
well I'm not quite certain that that is where I'm going to get my data
stream from because that's a Lysol person. And then, but then we,
but then there must be like a thing we can do regardless of the fact that
clearly.
Bro, you wouldn't even talk like that on a podcast.
Do I've never say that in a, but.
Imagine,
imagine you have zero expertise in a certain subject,
you talking to someone who's like some expert in this said subject and you're
proposing these outlandish. Like you're on a podium.
You're not even having a private conversation in front of everybody.
You're somehow or another having a side conversation where you're proposing
these ridiculous ideas that show that you don't understand how disinfectant
works. W why, why is that even conversation even taking place.
Also, the other thing is, cause he,
he did ask the question that is a time for someone on that side of the room to
go no looking at her.
Well,
she knows she can't do that because she knows if she interrupts him and goes,
what you can't do that you can't inject us in flux.
He would probably be upset and she wants to do the best work that she can do.
And this is just some nonsense she has to handle along the way. Wow. Yeah. Yeah.
I guess just a bad path. He look, first of all, and me, look,
the guy works some ungodly amount of hours in a day. Right.
He's going to do some dumb. Like, and he wings it a lot. Right.
So he probably was stuck on that conversation of things that might be able to be
done. And uh, maybe, uh,
you could do a strong ultraviolet light,
like in the skin that then also he's like, oh my God, um,
I'm laying out possible ways that you could cure this there.
I better keep going. I better have more than one. Yeah.
And there's like disinfectant that's right. Disinfect. It does. In fact,
maybe inside or outside, they have a way of doing that. And then he say,
and then he goes to her, like, he's looking for support. Like a,
I think you said maybe I think you said maybe you look into that.
Yeah, man. I mean,
it definitely has that sense of like when you had to give a report at school and
you hadn't prepared for.